FINAL PROJECT - WEBSITE PLAN

1. Pages

Homepage - landing.html
Code Editor - cedit.html
HTML Semantics - sem.html
CSS layout & responsive design - cssl.html
Accessibility - access.html
Ethics - ethics.html
Validation - val.html
AI Usage - ai.html

2. Page Explanations

Homepage - On the homepage it will be the first page that shows when the site gets loaded up. It will have links in a line, kind of like how semantics have them listed, but it will be centered.
Code Editor - Will talk about code editors that are used to make HTML pages. Will give a tutorial on how to install and use.
HTML Semantics -Will be a page explaining how semantics work. I'll have them jump to the information.
CSS layout and responsive design - This page will be dedicated to parts of CSS that I enjoyed using throughout the course and things I'll most likely use going forward. I will also have the page be responsive since that is something that is CSS reliant.
Accessibility - I will discuss on this page the reason why it is good to make your website accessible for more users
Ethical Features - I will go over the ethics that can arise when dealing with accessibility business-wise and consumer-wise.
Validation - This entire section will be about informing readers about the existence of validators. I will inform readers on HTML, CSS, and Wave validators.
Ai usage - This page will lightly go over how AI is used in web design. It will explain how it can help the user and how it can be detrimental to their progress.

3. Planned Inclusions

Images- I will include screenshots that provide necessary understanding based on the page.
Icons - I will have navigation icons that will be used to help my users navigate my pages.
Videos - If I were to include videos, it would be videos explaining concepts to the user.
Tables and lists - I will use a few tables so that I can compare things like gridbox and flexbox.
Forms - I'll have a form on my homepage where it will be used as an example piece of where people would ask for certain things.

4. Navigation

Navigation - I have links leading to the other pages, all linked on my main page. I will have a section above my footer that lists links taking to other pages on the pages. I will have an about section and a form where the user can submit a form asking me questions.
Footer Link - Will Include a GitHub link leading to my page on each page.

5. Accessibility
(a) Any image I use will have a small alt text explaining what it's about.
(b) I will have H1 used for headers, H2 used for sections of the page, and H3 will be used for any smaller sections that aren't the most relevant parts.
(c) I will make sure that the colors i use fit the required guidelines of the wave accesibility tool.

6. Structure
/FinalProject
index.html
/pages
landing.html
cedit.html
sem.html
cssl.html
access.html
ethics.html
val.html
ai.html
/css
style.css
/img
hero.jpg
logo.png
screenshots.jpg

7.
I use the validators provided by W3 and the Wave validator.
